Now in this march we obviously had a lot of logic to our burger Boulder again.
There is one improvement or fix we should apply to it though can be subtle to spot but it really improves
our application.
Let's have a look at this with air handler higher order component there.
We obviously added our interceptors in component will mount and of course it makes sense to have them
there because we wanted to make sure that we can reset errors and hence show this error or motile we
set up in this higher order component.
We have one issue though does with error handler method can be wrapped around multiple components.
That's the whole idea of having this higher order component.
Otherwise we could have put death code directly into the burger boulder if that were the only component
where we want to use that.
Right now it is the only component we're using it.
But again our higher order component is of course not limited to the program builder.
The problem we have is if we add this higher order component with error handler to our components we'll
call compote and we'll mount again and again of course because the class component we return is higher
order component is created every time this is wrapped around an existing component.
So every time we call with air handler on the element we're exporting as we do in the Bergere Boulder.
So we're actually attaching multiple interceptors in our application and we're attaching them to the
same access instance.
The problem of course is we don't have to right now but we will face later in the course.
DB mentioned routing will lead to the problem once we have more pages where we might use with error
handler.
We of course create this instance here multiple time discommode and here and therefore all the old injuries
setters.
So all the interceptors we set up when we wrapped this around another component which might not be needed
anymore still exist.
So we have a lot of dead interceptors sitting in memory which actually are not dead but which still
react to our requests.
And the worst case they lead to errors or do somehow change the state of our application.
But even in the best case they leak memory because that's code that still runs that is not required
anymore.
So we should actually remove the satirise when this component gets unmounted.
So when does a specific instance of our with error handler wrapper is not needed anymore.
And there actually is a lifecycle for this to its component will unmount.
Now as the names of just days is a lifecycle method which is executed at the point of time a component
isn't required anymore.
Now to be able to remove an intercept or here we need to store a reference to the interceptors we create
in properties off does class.
Now we have to state property already.
We can't simply add new properties.
So for that I will simply create a new property on the fly by using this the this keyword to refer to
the class that any name of your choice.
All named ISDE request enter center or maybe like this request interceptor and we'll stored the result
of our interceptor set up which is just a reference to the address center passed back by Access automatically.
And I'll do the same for the response interceptor here.
So now I have two new properties in my class and I can now use these properties in will unmount to remove
the receptors there.
We can now simply use X years interceptors just like we created them but now we can also x' request
and response there.
In-call eject and eject now requires the reference to the interceptor.
So here this request interceptor and ultimately duplicators to also do the same for the response for
the response object.
All the call eject and then called response interceptor.
And now with that we got this set up.
Incomputable unknown and we should remove our interceptors with that preventing memory leaks.
Now to quickly see if that works I'll save that file and then I'll go into the aperture as far which
is where we add the Burgard Boulder.
And I want to add some code to remove it after some time just to see if we'll unmount gets caught.
So there I will simply console lock will unmount and I want to output this request intercept or in this
response and Precentor D2 properties we added to see if they are set at the beginning of Will amount
moan because I'm using them thereafter.
So now if that's saved let's go back to actually yes and to make sure that Bergere Boulder disappears
after a while all temporarily adding state to my app component.
It is a class based component so I can of course do this and I will simply a show property which is
true initially and I will then use it here with this stage show to show the Bergere builder or show
null which essentially removes the Bergere boulder of course because it's only added to the dorm if
Show is true.
So now I just need a way to you.
Well unset show off for a while and for dead.
And again this is all just for testing.
I'll add component did mount here and there I will simply use to normal a set time method provided by
Javascript.
And after five seconds I want to execute this function year and in that function I'll call set state
and set show to 4.
And again I will remove this code in a second.
It's only there to test if this works.
If it does call will unmount.
So if all that that saved us.
And now let's reload the application we see the.
Let's wait five seconds.
I wish Tennessee will unmount and we see Ciro's 0 and that's actually correct because these are simply
the ideas.
There are ideas being kept the memory by access for both the request and response interceptors So two
different lists of interest centers and they start with index zero.
We added one to each list one request and one response control center.
So that is why we see two Ciro's here.
So what we can see is it does work.
We can now remove that Cancellara step and unmount it does it successfully get this reference to the
interceptor and we can rely on object working and this will just ensure that when ever we don't need
the Bergere Boulder or component anymore.
And of course it is not the case right now in the application but will soon be that we clean up the
interceptors which we attached duty using with air handler on the Bergere Boulder so that if we really
was with air handler in our application we don't create more and more interceptors with the old ones
living on.
So with that I can remove my code here at the aperture as file to have a normal working application
again so remove all the code we added to state and the component that with the set time timeout so that
we have the same app cavorted as before.
But now again with the improved application where we actually remove interceptors we don't need anymore.